Add Explore Metrics button to uploadPackages tab (#658)
pharmaR/riskassessment: NEWS.md

* Started showing `metric_score`s for each assessment's card, using an html meter (#634)
* Removed some unneeded/unused dependencies
* Allow user to create decision automation rules for individual metrics (#483)

> * Add Explore Metrics button from Upload Packages tab (#653)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add "Explore Metrics" button to Uploaded Pkgs Summary tab on Upload Packages tab (#653)
```
